HOSTEDCP-1184: Document IPv6/IPv4/DualStack deployments for Hypershift in Baremetal (#3008)
openshift/hypershift: docs/content/how-to/mce/Dual/hostedcluster/worker-nodes.md

> Regarding the worker nodes, if you are working on real bare metal, this step is to make sure that the details set in the `BareMetalHost` are well set, if not you will need to debug why does not work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding the worker nodes, if you are working on real bare metal, this step is to make sure that the details set in the `BareMetalHost` are correctly set; if not, you will need to debug why it is not work properly.
```

If you are working with virtual machines, we can follow this steps and create empty ones to be consumed by Metal3 operator.

For this purpose we will use again Kcli.

## Creating Virtual Machines

> If this is not your first try, you will need first to delete the prior try, to do so, please go to the [Deleting Virtual Machines](#deleting-virtual-vachines) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is not your first try, you will need to first delete the prior try. To do so, please go to the [Deleting Virtual Machines](#deleting-virtual-vachines) section.
```

Author: I've modified the style a bit, I think is better now.

kcli create vm -P start=False -P uefi_legacy=true -P plan=hosted-dual -P memory=8192 -P numcpus=16 -P disks=[200,200] -P nets=["{\"name\": \"dual\", \"mac\": \"aa:aa:aa:aa:11:03\"}"] -P uuid=aaaaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaa1103 -P name=hosted-dual-worker2

sleep 2
systemctl restart ksushy
```

Let's disect the creation command:

- `start=False`: The VM will not boot automatically on creation
- `uefi_legacy=true`: We will use uefi legacy boot to make that compatible with older implementations of UEFI
- `plan=hosted-dual`: Plan name, which identifies a group of machines as a group.
- `memory=8192` and `numcpus=16`: Resources for the VM as a Ram and CPU.
- `disks=[200,200]`: We are creating 2 disks (thin) in the virtual machine.
- `nets=["{"name": "dual", "mac": "aa:aa:aa:aa:02:13"}"]`: Network details, like the Network name to be located on and the MAC address for the primary interface.
- The ksushy restart is to make our ksushy (VM's BMC) aware of the new VMs included.

> This is how looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how it looks:
```

Author: I've modified the style a bit, I think is better now.
